docs(gatsby-plugin-google-analytics): Grammatical errors fixed in README (#16393)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-plugin-google-analytics/README.md

### `head`

> Here you can define where to place the tracking script. With `head:true` it will be placed in the header, and with `head:false`, it will be placed in the body. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: What do you think of something like?
```suggestion
Where do you want to place the GA script? By putting `head` to `true` it will be placed in the <head> of your website. By setting it to `false`, it will be placed in the body. The default value resolves to `false`.
```
